Update installing-to-disk.md (#180)
kinvolk/flatcar-docs: docs/installing/bare-metal/installing-to-disk.md

    - ../../os/installing-to-disk
    - ../../bare-metal/installing-to-disk
---

> ## Required Binaries
> The following Binaries are required to run the flatcar-install script:
> ```
> lbzip2 or bzip2 
> wget
> coreutils (gnu core utils package)
> udev (for alpine images it's eudev)
> ```
> Some optional binaries are:
> ```
> gnupg2
> gawk
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Required dependencies
If you want to use the `flatcar-install` script on some other environment than Flatcar Container Linux, ensure that the following binaries are present:
```
bash
lbzip2 or bzip2 
wget
mount, lsblk (often found in the util-linux package)
grep
cp, dd, mkfifo, mkdir, rm, tee (often found in the GNU coreutils package)
udevadm (found in the udev package, or for Alpine, in eudev)
gpg, gpg2 (found in gnupg2)
gawk (often found in the GNU gawk package)
```

Reviewer: I can't have the correct code block start and end sequence in the suggestion itself, the `// ` was just added as a workaround and should not be committed.

Author: Okay Ill make the changes

> cp, dd, mkfifo, mkdir, rm, tee (found in coreutils or gnu core utils package)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cp, dd, mkfifo, mkdir, rm, tee (often found in the GNU coreutils package or as part of busybox)
```
I would write it like that - the coreutils package is normally from the GNU coreutils project, but on Alpine these would be provided as part of busybox

Author: Okay Ill change that

Author: yes for alpine its provided as part of busy box
